# Self-Exclusion Terms and Condition

You can request 'self-exclusion' in account - profile menu.&#x20;



Once a self-exclusion is applied to your account, it will stay in place until the request time has finished, it will not be reversed or decreased for any reason. Permanent self-exclusions will remain closed indefinitely. Owl.Games will use all reasonable endeavors to ensure compliance with our responsible gambling self-exclusion policy. However, you accept that we will not be held responsible or liable if you attempt to open any new accounts or indeed succeed. In addition, Owl.Games will not be held liable or accountable if you continue to deposit and wager using additional accounts which have previously not been disclosed. Any future wagers, Bonus funds and entries in any promotions during a requested self-exclusion time will be forfeited, resulting in no return of stakes or payment of winnings. We will not be able to reinstate these if the account is reopened after the self-exclusion period.



You acknowledge that: You should not attempt to, deposit or place any wager on any of your Owl.Games accounts that you have requested to be excluded from during your selected self-exclusion. You should not attempt or proceed to open any new Owl.Games accounts during your self-exclusion period, or indefinitely if a permanent self-exclusion has been selected. If you succeed in opening any new Owl.Games accounts during a self-exclusion period, we will endeavour to close all such accounts at our earliest detection. Owl.Games’s responsibility is only to take reasonable steps to prevent you from gambling on any of our products. It is also the customer’s responsibility to refrain from breaching these agreed terms. This is a voluntary request made by you. If you proceed to breach this agreement, Owl.Games, any of its employees are not held accountable or liable for any losses you may suffer. Any losses acquired during your self-exclusion period will not be refunded. This is a voluntary agreement, therefore if you proceed to breach the terms within, in the first instance only, any wagering that has taken place will stand, losses will not be refunded. However, multiple breaches of the terms within, all wagering will be void and dealt with at Owl.Games’s discretion. Also, if we have suspicions or further investigation provides evidence that you have actively attempted to disguise the source of your account or accounts; which affects our ability to block your account or accounts promptly, this will also be dealt with at Owl.Games’s discretion. Once your selected self-exclusion has come to an end, your account will automatically be reopened.
